Rename Compute {Element -> Entrypoint} (SOFTWARE-4265) (#740)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/compute-entrypoint/htcondor-ce-overview.md

-   Pilot jobs, frontends, and factories (i.e., [GlideinWMS](http://glideinwms.fnal.gov/doc.prd/index.html),
    AutoPyFactory)

What is a Compute Entrypoint?
--------------------------

> An OSG Compute Entrypoint (CE) is the entry point for the OSG to your local resources: a layer of software that you install
> on a machine that can submit jobs into your local batch system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An OSG Compute Entrypoint (CE) is the door for remote organizations to submit requests to temporarily allocate local
compute resources.
```

I didn't love the doubling up of "Entrypoint" and "entry point"

Author: Knock on the OSG Door of Opportunity (DO) !
